hey guys I want to help guy here I just
want to say sorry for not uploading as
many videos as possible the last week or
so I've been really busy with school and
stuff like that the homework in yeah but
just wanna yeah I can kind of like say
I'm sorry there will be videos in the
future
I think like in this weekend the next
weekend so yeah one more thing though I
want to say that I just bought this
graphics card let me turn on macro there
we go I bought this Asus EAH 5670 one
gigabyte DDR gddr5 memory
I bought this like a week ago and at the
time I couldn't make an unboxing video
so also I apologize for that but yeah I
just wanted to show you guys this so my
videos will be more better with graphics
and stuff like that so that's cool I
just bought that one week ago
yeah about one week ago but that works
perfectly in my PC this PC but yeah I
know my room is kinda messy right now
but that's all just want to apologize
for not making any videos lately I think
it's been one and a half week since the
last made one so yeah that's it and have
a nice day and I'll catch you guys
the next weekend so have a nice day and
I'll talk to you guys later bye